ClemsonThesis Template README
-----------------------------
This package includes a template for generating a thesis or dissertation
following the style requirements for the Graduate School at Clemson University.

Contents
--------
    1. File Descriptions
    2. Caption Formatting in the 'List of [Figures, Tables, ...]'


1. File Descriptions
--------------------
The files contained in this package serve various purposes.
'ClemsonThesis.cls' is the main document class that defines how things are 
supposed to look.  You should not have to modify this file.

'thesis.tex' is a sample of the main LaTeX document that uses the
'ClemsonThesis' class.  Comments are included in this file to explain what
everything does.  Each section of the document is contained in the following
separate .tex files:

    abstract.tex
    dedication.tex
    acknowledgments.tex
    introduction.tex
    researchDesign.tex
    relatedWork.tex
    results.tex
    conclusions.tex
    appendixA.tex
    appendixB.tex
    appendixC.tex

These files are included by the main 'thesis.tex' file.  Dividing the document
up into separate files that are included by the main file makes it easier to
conditionally build parts of the document (i.e., if you only want to print the
introduction, you can comment out the inclusion of all of the other sections).

'bibliography.bib' is the BibTeX database used by 'thesis.tex'.  That file 
will contain all of the bibliography entries to be cited in the document.  
The one included includes some samples to show you the proper format.  The
file 'introduction.tex' includes examples of how to cite those references
(e.g., \cite{refTag}).

'Makefile' is used to convert the document into a PDF in a UNIX (e.g., MacOS, 
Linux) environment.  If they're using some other environment (e.g., Windows),
whatever tool they choose to use will take care of that for them.

Finally, 'testbed.jpg' is an image that is part of the sample document.  I 
included that as an example of how to include an image in the document.



2. Caption Formatting in the 'List of [Figures, Tables, ...]'
-------------------------------------------------------------
The Graduate School's style guidelines requires that in the 'List of
<Whatever>', when entries are longer than 4.5 inches, that they be split
onto two lines.  Basically, the text should not run all the way to the
page number -- some dots should be included.  The style specification
included in this package does *not* automatically handle this case.  You
*must* review your captions and include appropriate breaks when necessary.

To do this, you can use the '\newline' command.  Here's an example:

    \caption[This is a really really really really really really long caption
             that might need a newline \newline here so I put one in manually]
            {This is a really really really really really really long caption
            that might need a newline here so I put one in manually}

The text between the square brackets (i.e., [ ]) will be shown in the 'List of
<Whatever>', and the text between the curly braces (i.e., { }) will be shown
inline in the text.  The only difference between the two is a '\newline' in
the first that indicates where LaTeX should place the line break.
